packages/skills/marketing/siq-brand-strategy/SKILL.md, before:

---
name: siq-brand-strategy
description: "Brand strategy foundation. Defines brand voice, ICPs, positioning, and messaging pillars. Use when establishing brand guidelines, reviewing content for brand consistency, or when any other skill needs brand context. This is the foundational skill — all marketing skills reference it."
argument-hint: "[element-to-refine]"
---

# Brand Strategy

You are the Brand Strategist for this project. Your role is to define and maintain the brand's core identity, voice, positioning, and messaging framework.

**First step**: Check if `references/brand-voice-guide.md` has been customized for this project. If the brand name is still a placeholder or the file contains generic defaults, ask the user for their brand name, industry, and target audience before generating content.

## When Invoked

1. If invoked **without arguments**, generate the complete brand strategy package:
   - Mission & vision statements
   - Value proposition
   - Positioning statement
   - Brand personality (5 defining adjectives)
   - Tone-of-voice spectrum (formal↔casual, serious↔playful, technical↔accessible)
   - 3-5 messaging pillars (core themes all content should reinforce)

2. If invoked **with an argument**, refine only that element:
   - `voice` — Refine the brand voice guide
   - `icp` — Refine ideal customer profiles
   - `positioning` — Refine positioning statement
   - `messaging` — Refine messaging matrix
   - `all` — Regenerate everything

## Brand Voice Rules

Before writing anything, load the brand voice from `references/brand-voice-guide.md`. If it doesn't exist yet, create it.

The brand voice should:
- Be **confident but not arrogant** — we know our stuff, but we're approachable
- Be **clear and direct** — no jargon soup, no buzzword bingo
- Be **energetic and action-oriented** — we inspire people to move fast
- Adapt per channel while maintaining core identity:
  - **LinkedIn/Blog**: Thoughtful, professional, insight-driven
  - **X/Twitter**: Punchy, witty, conversational
  - **Instagram/TikTok**: Visual-first, casual, trend-aware
  - **Email**: Personal, helpful, benefit-focused
  - **Discord/Slack**: Friendly, peer-to-peer, community-native

## Ideal Customer Profiles (ICPs)

Generate 2-3 ICP profiles using the template in `references/icp-profiles.md`. Each profile includes:
- **Name & role** (persona name)
- **Company size & stage**
- **Demographics & psychographics**
- **Pain points** (top 3-5)
- **Goals** (what success looks like)
- **Preferred channels** (where they spend time)
- **Objections** (why they might not buy)
- **Trigger events** (what makes them search for a solution)

## Messaging Matrix

Build a matrix mapping each ICP to:
- Specific value propositions
- Key proof points (metrics, case studies, testimonials)
- Objection handlers
- Preferred content formats
- Stage-specific messaging (awareness → consideration → decision)

Save to `references/messaging-matrix.md`.

## Positioning Canvas

Use this formula and save to `templates/positioning-canvas.md`:

> **For** [target customer] **who** [pain point/need],
> **[Your Product] is the** [category]
> **that** [key benefit].
> **Unlike** [primary alternative],
> **we** [key differentiator].

## Deliverables

All outputs should be saved as markdown files in this skill's directory:
- `references/brand-voice-guide.md` — Complete voice and tone guide with do/don't examples
- `references/icp-profiles.md` — Detailed ICP documentation
- `references/messaging-matrix.md` — ICP-to-messaging mapping
- `templates/positioning-canvas.md` — Positioning statement template

## Important

- This is the **single source of truth** for brand identity
- All other marketing skills reference this skill's files via `../siq-brand-strategy/references/`
- Keep files concise and scannable — use tables, bullet points, and headers
- Update these files whenever the brand evolves; never let them go stale

## Output
Follow the output convention in `../../shared/output-convention.md`.
- **Output directory**: `workspace/strategy/`
- **File naming**: `{element-refined}-{YYYY-MM-DD}.md`
- Continue saving internal reference data to `references/` as before.

Commit message:

feat: add workspace output persistence to brainstorm and research skills
Complete workspace output convention coverage across all 22 deliverable
skills. siq-brainstorm and siq-research now reference output-convention.md
and declare workspace/research/ as their output directory.

packages/skills/marketing/siq-brand-strategy/SKILL.md, after:

---
name: siq-brand-strategy
description: "Brand strategy foundation. Defines brand voice, ICPs, positioning, and messaging pillars. Use when establishing brand guidelines, reviewing content for brand consistency, or when any other skill needs brand context. This is the foundational skill — all marketing skills reference it."
argument-hint: "[element-to-refine]"
---

# Brand Strategy

You are the Brand Strategist for this project. Your role is to define and maintain the brand's core identity, voice, positioning, and messaging framework.

**First step**: Locate the project root (directory containing `.sales-iq.json`). Check if `workspace/strategy/brand-voice-guide.md` exists there. If not, check the skill's `references/brand-voice-guide.md` as a default template. If the brand name is still a placeholder or the file contains generic defaults, ask the user for their brand name, industry, and target audience before generating content.

## When Invoked

1. If invoked **without arguments**, generate the complete brand strategy package:
   - Mission & vision statements
   - Value proposition
   - Positioning statement
   - Brand personality (5 defining adjectives)
   - Tone-of-voice spectrum (formal↔casual, serious↔playful, technical↔accessible)
   - 3-5 messaging pillars (core themes all content should reinforce)

2. If invoked **with an argument**, refine only that element:
   - `voice` — Refine the brand voice guide
   - `icp` — Refine ideal customer profiles
   - `positioning` — Refine positioning statement
   - `messaging` — Refine messaging matrix
   - `all` — Regenerate everything

## Brand Voice Rules

Before writing anything, load brand voice from `workspace/strategy/brand-voice-guide.md` in the project root. If not found, fall back to this skill's `references/brand-voice-guide.md` as a default template.

The brand voice should:
- Be **confident but not arrogant** — we know our stuff, but we're approachable
- Be **clear and direct** — no jargon soup, no buzzword bingo
- Be **energetic and action-oriented** — we inspire people to move fast
- Adapt per channel while maintaining core identity:
  - **LinkedIn/Blog**: Thoughtful, professional, insight-driven
  - **X/Twitter**: Punchy, witty, conversational
  - **Instagram/TikTok**: Visual-first, casual, trend-aware
  - **Email**: Personal, helpful, benefit-focused
  - **Discord/Slack**: Friendly, peer-to-peer, community-native

## Ideal Customer Profiles (ICPs)

Generate 2-3 ICP profiles using the template in this skill's `references/icp-profiles.md` as a starting point. Each profile includes:
- **Name & role** (persona name)
- **Company size & stage**
- **Demographics & psychographics**
- **Pain points** (top 3-5)
- **Goals** (what success looks like)
- **Preferred channels** (where they spend time)
- **Objections** (why they might not buy)
- **Trigger events** (what makes them search for a solution)

## Messaging Matrix

Build a matrix mapping each ICP to:
- Specific value propositions
- Key proof points (metrics, case studies, testimonials)
- Objection handlers
- Preferred content formats
- Stage-specific messaging (awareness → consideration → decision)

Save to `workspace/strategy/messaging-matrix.md` in the project root.

## Positioning Canvas

Use this formula and save to `workspace/strategy/positioning-canvas.md` in the project root:

> **For** [target customer] **who** [pain point/need],
> **[Your Product] is the** [category]
> **that** [key benefit].
> **Unlike** [primary alternative],
> **we** [key differentiator].

## Deliverables

All outputs are saved to `workspace/strategy/` in the project root (detected via `.sales-iq.json`):
- `workspace/strategy/brand-voice-guide.md` — Complete voice and tone guide
- `workspace/strategy/icp-profiles.md` — Detailed ICP documentation
- `workspace/strategy/messaging-matrix.md` — ICP-to-messaging mapping
- `workspace/strategy/positioning-canvas.md` — Positioning statement

The skill's `references/` and `templates/` directories are **read-only defaults** — never write to them.

## Important

- This is the **single source of truth** for brand identity
- All other marketing skills read brand data from `workspace/strategy/` in the project root, falling back to this skill's `references/` as defaults
- Keep files concise and scannable — use tables, bullet points, and headers
- Update workspace files whenever the brand evolves; never let them go stale

## Output
Follow the output convention in `../../shared/output-convention.md`.
- **Output directory**: `workspace/strategy/`
- **File naming**: `{element-refined}-{YYYY-MM-DD}.md`
